Cow says.;No, a cow says mooooo!
Armageddon.;Armageddon a little bored. Let’s go out.
Stopwatch.;Stopwatcha doin’ and open the stupid door.
Rough.;Rough, rough, rough! It’s your dog!
Jester.;Jester silly old man!
Egg.;Eggcited to see me?
Amish!;You’re not a shoe!
Dishes!;Dishes the police come out with your hands up.
Gorilla!;Gorilla burger! I’ve got the buns!
Twit.;Did anyone else hear an owl?
Radio.;Radio not, here I come!
Howard.;Howard you like to be knocking for a change?
Kermit.;Kermit a crime and you’ll get locked up!
Ice cream!;Ice cream if you don’t let me in!
Cook.;Yes you are!
Wire.;Wire you asking me?
Alfie.;Alfie terrible if you leave!
Hada!;Had a great time, how about you?
A little old lady.;I had no idea you could yodel.
Frank!;Frank you for being my friend!
Leaf?;Leaf me alone!
Sorry.;Sorry wrong door!
Abby.;Abby birthday to you!
Burglar.;Burglars don’t knock!
Broccoli.;Broccoli doesn’t have a last name, silly.
Etch.;Bless you.
Fiddle.;Fiddle make you happy I’ll tell you!
Gandhi.;Gandhi come out and play?
Jim.;Jim mind if I come in.
Ferdie!;Ferdie last time open this door!
Robin.;Robin you, now hand over the cash.
Isabell.;Isabell working?
Theodore.;Theodore wasn’t open, so I knocked.
Avenue.;Avenue knocked on this door before?
Ben.;Ben knocking on this door all morning, let me in!
Earl.;Earl be glad to get to bed, I’m tired.
Cash.;No, I prefer peanuts.
House.;House you doing?
Tank.;You’re welcome.
Egg.;Eggstremely disappointed you still don’t recognise me.
Spell.;Okay, okay: W. H. O.
Europe.;Europe early this morning!
Candice.;Candice door open, or what?
A herd.;A herd you were home, so I came over!
Grub.;Grub hold of my hand and lets go!
Fangs.;Fangs for letting me in!
Boo.;No need to cry, it’s only a joke.
Mango!;Mango to the door and just answer it!
To.;It’s to whom.
Lee.;Lee me alone – I’ve got a headache!
Comb.;Comb on down and I’ll tell you!
Lettuce.;Lettuce in, it’s cold out here!
Doris.;Doris locked, why do you think I’m knocking?
Mikey.;Mikey doesn’t work so help me out, would you?
Bruce.;Bruce easily, don’t hit me!
Razor.;Razor hands, this is a stick up!
Jamaica.;Jamaica mistake? Just let me in!
Olive.;Olive you. Do you love me too?
Justin.;Just in the neighborhood, thought I would drop by.
Hoo.;Are you an owl?
Howl.;Howl you know unless you open the door?
Britney Spears.;Knock, knock – oops I did it again.
Iran.;Iran all the way here. Let me in already!
Urine.;Urine trouble if you don’t open the door.
Says.;Says me, that’s who.
Justin.;Justin time for dinner.
Needle.;Needle little help gettin’ through.
Will.;Will you let me in?
Thermos.;Thermos be a better way to get through to you.
Hey.;Hey ho, hey ho, it’s off to work we go!
Jam.;Jam mind, I’m trying to get in!
Water.;Water you doing? Just open the door!
Gladys.;Gladys Friday, finally the weekend starts!
Fork.;Fork-get it, I’m leaving!
Luke.;Luke through the the peep hole and find out.
Java.;Java dog in your house, I hear one barking!
Amos.;A mosquito.
Iva.;I’ve a sore hand from knocking!
Amanda.;A man da fix your sink!
Dozen.;Dozen anyone wanna let me in?
Goose.;Goose who’s knocking at your door again!
Keanu.;Keanu let me in, it’s cold out here.
Sherwood.;Sure would like you to open the door!
Passion.;Just passion by and thought I’d pop in!
Ferdie!;Ferdie last time open this door!
Adore.;Adore is between us. Open up!
CD.;CD guy on your doorstep?
Nanna.;Nanna your business, that’s who.
Icy.;You see me, do you need glasses or something?
Water.;Water way to answer the door!
Gino.;Gino me, now open the door!
Garden.;Garden the treasure, it’s precious!
Euripides.;Euripides jeans, you pay for ’em, okay?
Pasta.;Pasta salt please!
Annie.;Annie way you can let me in soon?
Butter.;Butter be quick, I have to go to the bathroom!
Pudding.;Pudding on your shoes before your trousers is a bad idea!
Interrupting cow.;Mooooo!
Harry.;Harry up and answer this door!Canoe.;Canoe come out or what?
